README.md, before:

# Document Filters

Hyland’s Document Filters SDK gives software developers the tools they need to embed rich document processing into their applications. A single toolkit provides all you need to:

Extract content, including track changes and hidden content from 550+ formats
Convert documents to high-fidelity renditions in PDF, SVG, HTML5, XML, PostScript or Image
Manipulate, annotate, redact and markup content, all out of the box
Document Filters is one of the few SDKs to run natively on 22 platforms, from mobile to mainframe, Android to AIX. Our APIs give you the choice of language to integrate with your application, including Java, C#, C/C++ or Python.

This repo contains samples in different languages which can be used as a reference. 

You will need either an evaluation copy, or full copy of the Document Filters which can be requested from [Hyland Software](http://www.documentfilters.com). The Document Filters package also contains these samples and is ready to run out-of-the-box.

---

## Resources

- Web Site: [www.documentfilters.com](http://www.documentfilters.com)
- Documentation: [docs.hyland.com](https://docs.hyland.com/Portal_Public/Products/en/Document_Filters.htm)
- FAQ: https://www.hyland.com/en/platform/product-suite/document-filters/faq

Commit message:

- update license to indicate split licensing of samples and artifacts - update CPP projects to CMAKE - update C# projects to .NET6 - update C# projects to use Nuget package - update copyright year - remove swift example (still present in installer) - remove android example (still present in installer)

README.md, after:

# Document Filters

Hyland’s Document Filters SDK gives software developers the tools they need to embed rich document processing into their applications. Document Filters is the ideal toolkit to enable file inspection and processing. 

**Deeply inspect content and data**
Identify and extract every document, email, archive and container format while analyzing all text and data associated with your content.

**Render and annotate content**
Seamlessly manipulate and render high-definition content in a web-safe format with tools to apply precise redaction marks, annotations and more.

**Transform and output content**
Export content and easily convert it for use in other locations. Replicate original files and combine pages from different documents to create packets.

**Leverage the most advanced document filtering platform**
Deploy seamlessly across 31 software platforms and architectures, and work with nearly any programming language to identify more than 600 file formats.

In this repository, you'll find the shared libraries and DLLs for releases published since version 23.2. If you're searching for the SDK installers that include samples and documentation, kindly obtain them from the Hyland Community website.

You will need either an evaluation copy, or full copy of the Document Filters which can be requested from [Hyland Software](http://www.documentfilters.com). 

---

## Resources

- Web Site: [www.documentfilters.com](http://www.documentfilters.com)
- Documentation: [docs.hyland.com](https://docs.hyland.com/Portal_Public/Products/en/Document_Filters.htm)

---
## License

Sample Code: MIT License | Release Binaries: Commercial License

Here you'll find a collection of sample code that is covered under the MIT 
License. This means that you are free to use, modify, and distribute the sample 
code in accordance with the terms specified in the MIT License.

However, please note that the release binaries provided in this repository are 
governed by a different commercial license. These binaries are intended for 
users who require pre-compiled and ready-to-use versions of our software. The commercial license grants specific permissions and restrictions for the use of 
the release binaries.

Please see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) for details.
